For this project, a Chatbot class was made to hold the main functionality of the Chatbot's dialogue. 
The Chatbot had a private array with the no match values and an unordered map for the other key-response values.
To find a response to a user's input, the user's input is first parsed for cleaning (making full sentence lowercase and deleting unneccessary punctuation), and then the entire string is broken into an array where each word is an element.
Next, for each word in the array, it is looked for in the Chatbot's unordered map. If the key word is found in the dialogue map then the Chatbot returns its response and breaks out of the loop. In this loop, if the string "i" is found then the next word is added to it to search for those phrases starting with "I". If none of the words from the user input are found in the dialogue map, then a response is returned from the noMatch array.
To return a response, first the specific response to return is chosen based on a random number generator if the keyword has multiple possible responses. Also, the user input is substringed after the found keyword so if the rest of the user response needed to be added to the Chatbot response it can.

I tried to be as efficient as possible with the key-response pairs by using an unordered map to hold them so there was constant insert and lookup time. One efficiency problem I noticed was in the addToResponse() function, I should have checked to see if the response even had an asterik in it before mainpulating all the strings to prep them for being added to the asterik's place. It would have been less if statements to be evaluated in that case. 